I noticed that you added quite a bit to your initial analyses. While this is great and resulted in some interesting insights, in the first half of the presentation, I lost track of what the objectives were. When building your final product, and given the nature of your project too, try to think of a specific research question (it can be as simple as “are women underrepresented in Scottish politics?”) to guide the narrative in your final product.
Continuing with the narrative, you should make the story (increase in representation) the centerpiece of your final product; and let me tie this to your audience. For your final product, think you’re addressing a general audience and try to make the language you use as simple as possible. I think you do a great job in conveying your story in simple terms but, again, people might get lost in all the methodological lingo. While using this lingo is ok, try to confine it to the methods section in your analysis.
I think that the “story” you present might be right (women’s representation did increase) but with one caveat that you yourselves note: most of the increase is driven by Sturgeon. Have you done the analysis excluding Sturgeon?
Why did you use syllable count as a measure of participation? Are you making an assumption that the more syllables, the more it takes to speak? You don’t have to answer these two questions to me but rather, think about how your approach may affect your results.
Finally, I believe your full story will come to life once you have your tableau visuals; great stuff! Centre your story around answering your main question using the visuals.
